Add page explaining NUgan (#62)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/02-system/03-tools/04-nugan.mdx

![A flow diagram with two lanes. One lane reads 'Real A' to 'Generator A' to 'Fake B' to 'Generator B' to 'Cycled Fake A'. The other reads 'Real B' to 'Generator B' to 'Fake A' to 'Generator A' to 'Cycled Fake B'.](./images/nugan_cycle.svg 'Cycle Mapping')

The CycleGAN also uses an identity mapping to stabilise the training. It will input a real A image into the B generator, which should give back the original real A input. This is also done for real B images into the A generator.

![A flow diagram with two lanes. One lane reads 'Real B' to 'Generator A' to 'Real B'. The other lane reads 'Real A' to 'Generator B' to 'Real A'.](./images/nugan_identity.svg 'Identity Mapping')

## The Model

This implementation of CycleGAN uses real images and NUpbr paired raw and segmentation images. The NUpbr raw images represent the A domain of the CycleGAN. The real images represent the B domain of the CycleGAN. We train the model on real images and NUpbr images to obtain a dataset of pseudo-real images.

> For a given real NUpbr raw image, we will also load in the corresponding real NUpbr segmentation image into the model. We set the non-black (not background) pixels of the segmentation image to white, and ensure the black is true black. This gives us a black and white image. The black portions of the image represent '0' and the white portions of the image represent '1'. This is called our attention mask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a given real NUpbr raw image, we will also load in the corresponding real NUpbr segmentation image into the model. We set the non-black (not background) pixels of the segmentation image to white, and ensure the black is true black. This gives us a black and white image. The black portions of the image represent '0' and the white portions of the image represent '1', which forms our attention mask.
```

> For a given real NUpbr raw image, we will also load in the corresponding real NUpbr segmentation image into the model. We set the non-black (not background) pixels of the segmentation image to white, and ensure the black is true black. This gives us a black and white image. The black portions of the image represent '0' and the white portions of the image represent '1'. This is called our attention mask.

Author: 'Original' might be a better word? Not the result of the CycleGAN generator.

![Segmentation mask and a black and white image where the background of the segmentation mask is black and the rest white.](images/cyclegan_attention.png 'Segmentation image and corresponding attention mask.')

> After we get a fake real image, we use the attention mask to add back in the original background.

Reviewer: what is a fake real image?

Author: The output of the generator that tries to map things to realistic images.
Maybe 'fake realistic image'? Or I just define fake/original beforehand.

## Using NUgan

### Prerequisites

This code has been tested on Windows with Anaconda and Linux Mint.

Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/NUbots/NUgan
```

Move into the cloned repository

```bash
cd NUgan
```

You can use either CPU or NVIDIA GPU with latest drivers, [CUDA](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads) and [cuDNN](https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnn).

If you are using Windows, we recommend using [Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/windows/).

To set up with pip run

```sh
sudo apt install python-pip
pip3 install setuptools wheel
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

To set up with Anaconda (MacOS) you can create a new environment with the given environment file

```sh
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

In Windows, use the batch file rather than the environment file.

```sh
"./scripts/conda_deps.bat"
```

> On non-Windows OS you could also use the provided shell script to install dependencies in Anaconda.

Reviewer: I feel like people will get to this having already run the previous steps most of the time, so might as well put the script first and the manual install after
